I made a new version of the model (v13). I streamlined the code with simpler comments, removed sliders from the
interface that are not user-friendly, removed part of the update-bird-estimates procedure that weighted estimates
based on vegetation-volume, modified bird behavior-related procedures, and changed the change-vegetation procedure.

I removed previous comments, old variables, and old testing procedures in the code. I also simplified some
comments.

Almost all of the sliders on the interface are for testing. I removed the dispersal-distance slider, locking it to a
distance of up to half of the landscape. I also removed the bird-love-distribution slider from the interface, as it should
be set to the empirical value anyways.

Previously I thought that I should add "if people have more vegetation, they should estimate more birds" to
the model; however, I now believe it just adds unneccessary complexity irrelevant to the noticing nature cycle. So,
I removed it and kept the calculation just based on the birds that they see (with some inaccuracy).

In the previous version, birds were too successful and the population would grow infinitely. They had a bug in which 
after they settle, there were no cases in which they would again disperse. I entirely changed the way this procedure
was written and it is now written much cleaner, with the parents and the offspring each having their own dispersal
procedure. The major changes are: offspring migrate up to half the max distance of the landscape, parents have a
very small chance to disperse to nearby patches every breeding season, the death rate increased to 50%, and the
birth rate is 100% chance for 1 offspring.

The change-vegetation procedure previously only allowed for one change per tick. Now, patches may plant or remove
up to 3 layers at a time.

In addition to all of this, I created output files containing the variables for every patch on the landscape. I put the
dataset through the t-SNE machine learning algorithm to determine if patches had similarities based on the
values of their variables. I found that patches seem to group by their bird-estimates, carrying capacity, and 
bird-density. I also did this experiment for different values of max-bird to see if the variable made a change,
but there were similar trends at all values.

My next plans are to run ensemble techniques on the model output, such as random forest and XGBoost, 
to determine the relative importance for various outcomes of specific patches, such as a high bird-love value, or high 
bird-density.